update http api guide with batch limit (#7023)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/http-api/index.md

Segment returns a `200` response for all API requests except errors caused by large payloads and JSON errors (which return `400` responses.) To debug events that return `200` responses but aren't accepted by Segment, use the Segment Debugger.

Common reasons that events are not accepted by Segment: 
  - **Payload is too large:** Most HTTP API routes can handle API requests that are 32KB or smaller. If this limit is exceeded, Segment returns a 400 Bad Request error.

>   - **The `\batch` API endpoint** This endpoint accepts a maximum of 500KB per batch API request. Additionally, each batch request can only have up to 2500 events, and each batched event needs to be less than 32KB. Segment will return a `200` response but reject the event, when the number of batched events exceeds limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **The `\batch` API endpoint:** This endpoint accepts a maximum of 500KB per batch API request. Each batch request can only have up to 2500 events, and each batched event needs to be less than 32KB. Segment returns a `200` response but rejects the event when the number of batched events exceeds the limit.
```
